(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(NARRATOR READING)
(KION READING)
KION: That's it! Keep it up,
everyone!
We can't let the fire spread!
Incoming!
FULI:
The fire break's done, Kion.
Great job, Fuli.
Beshte! Bunga!
Bury the flames!
You got it, Kion!
Heads up!
KION: (PANTING)
Great work, guys.
The fire could have been
a lot worse for Ma Tembo
and the elephants.
Kilio Valley is safe now,
Ma Tembo.
You're good to go back.
MA TEMBO:
Thank you, Kion. Lion Guard.
Too bad you didn't
get here sooner.
My favorite grove's
been completely burned.
Zito. That's a small
sacrifice compared to
what could have been.
Uh, guys? Do you see that?
What are those?
I don't know. Ono?
I'll see what I can see!
(SQUAWKS)
It's fire! From the sky!
They must be embers
from the fire!
I thought we put 'em all out!
Well, clearly you missed some!
Gracious!
Lion Guard, it's up to us
to put out those fires!
But Kion,
the fire's everywhere!
Then we will be too.
My strongest elephants
can help, too.
Zito, Zigo, Johari.
Help the Lion Guard
fight these fires!
The rest of you, follow me!
And stay close!
Thank you, Ma Tembo!
KION: Okay. Zito, Zigo,
you're with Fuli
and Bunga on fire breaks.
Let's make sure
they work this time.
Johari. Beshte. Ono.
Put out as many flames
as you can!
Got it.
FULI: I need to make
more fire breaks!
Keep putting out those flames!
As if I wouldn't have
otherwise...
Gotcha!
Not this time,
falling sky-fires!
BUNGA: Yeah!
Gimme some trunk!
I got this one, Johari!
Grab more dirt
and get on the other fires!
(JOHARI TRUMPETS)
MA TEMBO: Stay close,
everyone!
And keep your trunks
to the ground
where there's less smoke!
JANJA: It ain't smoke
you gotta worry about.
It's us!
MA TEMBO: Hyenas?
Circle the little ones,
and move!
Why, hello, elephants!
(GROWLS)
MA TEMBO:
Away from the jackals,
everyone! This way!
(MA TEMBO GASPS)
Guess again, Ma Tembo.
(ELEPHANTS TRUMPETING)
JANJA: Face it, Ma Tembo.
Between us and the fires,
you got nowhere to go.
(HYENAS CACKLING)
Oh, no! Kion! Kion!
Ma Tembo's herd!
They're surrounded by hyenas,
jackals, and crocodiles!
All at the same time?
Scar.
Scar?
He's behind this.
So... What do we do?
We save the herd.
Forget the fire.
Forget the fire?
There's no other choice!
Tell the rest of the Guard
and the elephants!
ONO:
Affirmative!
(KION GRUNTS)
Hello, Morsel!
BUNGA: Goodbye, Janja!
(CHEEZI GROWLING)
FULI: Kion, there's too many
of them.
And the fire's headed
this way.
We have to retreat. Ono!
Find the safest way
out of here!
Affirmative.
ONO: I've got it!
But we'll need to move quickly
before the fire spreads!
Then lead the way!
Beshte, clear the path
for the elephants!
You got it.
Bunga, Fuli, keep 'em safe!
BUNGA: Will do.
KION: Let's go.
KION: Get away from her!
(KION GRUNTS)
Ma Tembo, we need
to get everyone
out of Kilio Valley!
You want us to leave? But...
I want to save your herd.
So we gotta go! Now!
(BESHTE GRUNTS)
(TRUMPETS)
Everyone! Follow
the Lion Guard
out of the Valley!
Immediately!
This way, everyone!
MA TEMBO: Fires are a part
of the Circle of Life.
But this...
This was the biggest fire
I've ever seen.
I'm so sorry, Ma Tembo.
ZITO: You're "sorry"?
If you'd put out the fire
properly to begin with,
we elephants would
still have a home!
You're right.
You know... Fires do clear
the way for new plants
to grow.
It's true. Our Valley
will return. And so will we.
MA TEMBO: But in the meantime,
we elephants need a new place
to live.
Somewhere we can all
be together.
I can't make up for the fire,
Ma Tembo.
But I promise I'll find you
the perfect place to stay.
Thank you, Kion. I know
we can always rely on you.
We did good, boys.
Just like Scar asked.
Now he's gonna know he can
rely on us hyenas.
You hyenas? You couldn't find
your own tails without us!
Why? Where'd they go?
Quit it!
You're making me dizzy.
We all know it's the crocs
who made this day a success.
Yes, did someone say
"success?"
It seems our mission has been
a rousing success.
And all thanks to we vultures'
pyrotechnic genius.
"Genius?" If you're so smart,
why's Mwoga still holding
that stick?
Oi! Emergency motion
to allow me to extinguish
this fire...
Motion rescinded.
Whatever. C'mon furbrains.
Our job's done here.
Let's go back to the Outlands.
SCAR: Go?
But you've only
just arrived!
Scar? Uh...
What're you doin' here?
I came to say well done.
Kilio Valley is ours,
for as long as we remain
and lay claim to it.
So... There's no going "back."
You mean you want us
to stay here?
But, why?
All part of my plan.
We will take over
the Pride Lands piece
by piece.
So in the end...
There will be nothing left
for the Lion Guard to defend!
(SCAR LAUGHS)
KION: Ma Tembo, welcome
to your new home.
ZITO: Ndefu Grove?
You're making us live
with the galagos?
Hush, Zito. It looks like
a fine place to stay.
It is. It's big,
there's lots
to eat,
and the galagos are always
really welcoming!
Welcome!
See?
Laini, there was a fire
in Kilio Valley,
so Ma Tembo
and her elephants...
Need a place to stay?
We'd love to help!
Come on in!
Like my dad always says,
"There's always room
for another hippo
in the watering hole."
Thank you, Laini.
Our pleasure, Ma...
Oh, my! Laini?
(FOOTSTEPS THUMPING)
Hey, look at that!
The elephants and galagos
are already playing together!
I don't think
it's a game, Bunga.
LAINI: Kion,
this is a disaster!
A disaster!
It's okay, Laini.
I've got this.
Elephants, hold still!
See? Everything's okay now.
But only because
they're not moving!
When they walk the ground
shakes, and the trees move,
and...
MA TEMBO: We elephants
don't want to cause
any trouble for you, Laini.
We can find some other place
to stay.
Really?
I mean...
If you think Kion can
find you someplace else...
Oh, without a doubt.
I said I'd find you
a new home, and I will.
Elephants, follow me!
(YELPING)
Phew!
KION: It just makes sense.
Giraffes and elephants
are both big.
You both eat leaves.
It's a perfect match!
I suppose...
If they really need
someplace to stay...
Thank you, Twiga.
Ma Tembo, you and your herd
are welcome in Acacia Grove!
What a relief.
Thank you, Twiga.
Pride Landers
helping Pride Landers.
That's what it's all about.
Yeah... It really is.
TWIGA: What?
What are you doing?
Uh-oh.
I'm eating.
But you pulled down the whole
branch!
Well, yes.
It's how we elephants eat.
Look around!
Kion!
Twiga, I know the elephants'
ways are different.
But please. They need help...
Then get someone else
to help them!
If they stay here,
they'll eat our whole grove!
Twiga...
Giraffes need food too, Kion!
Do you want us to starve?
I guess the giraffes
don't want us around either.
I'm sure it's not that.
She's worried about
her own herd, that's all.
There is another place
we can go, isn't there?
ZITO: I know
the perfect place!
Lots of space,
beautiful groves of trees.
Oh, wait.
The Lion Guard let it burn.
There is another place.
I just need
to figure out where.
KION: Their home
is gone, Bupu.
Can they stay here
for a while?
Please?
Well,
since you asked politely.
Thanks, Bupu.
Yes, thank you.
Elephants,
let's make ourselves at home!
(ELEPHANTS TRUMPETING)
(ANTELOPES COUGHING)
Unacceptable!
Beshte, are the antelopes
going to kick us out too?
Um...
No. They're not.
Actually...
A little time, Bupu.
That's all I need.
Just so I can figure this out.
How much time do you think
he'll give you?
Not much.
Ono? Check the damage
in Kilio Valley.
Try to get an idea of how long
it'll be before the elephants
can move back.
ONO: Affirmative!
ONO: It doesn't look good.
The whole Valley's been burned
pretty bad.
I don't see any plants left at
all...
Hapana!
KION: What is it?
It's Goigoi! All the hyenas,
jackals, and crocs.
And Mzingo and
the vultures too!
That doesn't make sense.
Why wouldn't they
just go home?
Because Scar wants them
to stay.
That must have been his plan
all along.
He didn't just want to scare
the elephants.
He wanted to take
over Kilio Valley, forever.
No way! He can't do that!
Can he?
I think he already has.
The Pride Lands
just got smaller.
And I let it happen.
JANJA: We all agree dis place
is a dump and no one likes it,
right?
I think it's cozy.
(GOIGOI SNORES)
Well, since everyone else
hates it,
I'm willin' to do you a favor
and have us hyenas
be in charge.
You hyenas?
No way. Scar didn't say
nothing about you
running things.
Territorial leadership claims
cannot be determined
without proper
parliamentary procedure!
Isn't that right?
Aye!
We don't need no procedure.
Just let me run this dump!
(ANIMALS GROWLING)
♪ I'm gonna run this dump,
just you wait and see
♪ And when I run this dump,
you all bow to me
♪ I'll be king of dirt
♪ Ruler of ash,
lord of a muck
♪ A kingdom of trash
♪ I'm gonna run this dump,
just you wait and see ♪
Oh, you think so,
do you?
♪ I'm gonna run this dump,
'cause I'm the smartest here
♪ But when I run this dump,
there's no need to fear
♪ I'll treat you nice,
I'll be so kind
♪ Just bring me all the food
you find
♪ And I'll run this dump,
'cause I'm the smartest here ♪
Okay, my turn.
♪ I'm gonna run this dump
with everyone in this tree
♪ And then I'll run this dump
diplomatically
♪ You all get a vote,
but I'll get the most
♪ No need to count,
it's true, not to boast
♪ I'm gonna run this dump,
quite deservedly ♪
KIBURI: I don't sing.
♪ Then, I'll run this dump
♪ No, I'll run this dump
♪ I'll run this dump
♪ Just you wait and see ♪
(INDISTINCT CHATTERING)
KION: I can't let Scar win.
He may have destroyed
Kilio Valley.
But I won't let him turn
the Pride Landers
against each other.
What are you worried about,
Kion?
I bet by now the antelopes
love having
the elephants around!
I wouldn't be so sure
about that...
It looks like the antelopes
have kicked them out too!
No! This can't keep happening.
Come on!
KION: Ma Tembo!
Ma Tembo. Whatever happened
between you and the antelope,
I can fix it.
Thank you, Kion. But,
we don't want to stay
where we're not wanted.
And it seems we're not wanted
anywhere in the Pride Lands.
Are you kidding?
Just because the galagos
didn't want you, and the
giraffes didn't want you,
and the antelopes
didn't want you...
You know, he might have
a point.
There's still lots
of other places.
Like the zebra
grazing grounds.
Or...
Thank you for trying, Kion.
But I'm afraid Zito is right.
My herd needs
a real home.
It seems we'll have to
leave the Pride Lands.
Goodbye, Beshte.
Mtoto?
Kion... What are we gonna do?
I'll be back.
Grandfather Mufasa?
Yes, Kion.
I'm here.
Grandfather...
I failed the Pride Lands.
I lost Kilio Valley to Scar.
And the loss weighs heavily
on you.
Of course it does!
My whole job is to protect
the Pride Lands!
And I couldn't do it!
There is more
to the Pride Lands
than just land.
What happened to the elephants
of Kilio Valley?
They're all okay.
But they're leaving
the Pride Lands because
I can't find a new home
for them.
Maybe they're right
to doubt me.
What other animals think
is beyond your control.
But don't let their doubt
cause you to doubt yourself.
MUFASA: You have indeed
suffered a defeat.
But how you deal with defeat
is just as important as
how you deal with victory.
ONO: Kion! Kion!
Ono, what's going on?
It's another fire! This time
in Ndefu Grove!
Was it Scar again?
Where are Janja
and the others?
Let me see.
ONO: They're still
in Kilio valley.
And they're fighting
each other.
Well, at least this new fire
isn't one of Scar's plans.
C'mon!
Let's go save Ndefu Grove!
Okay! Beshte. Ono. You two...
LAINI: Lion Guard! Lion Guard!
You have to save my galagos!
Please! Please! Please!
Oh. Sorry!
Don't worry, Laini.
We'll save them.
Let's go.
(GALAGOS SCREAMING)
FULI: Just aim for my spots
and jump!
We'll catch you,
don't worry!
Yeah! I'm a great catcher!
See? I'm good at this!
Wanna do it again?
Kion. The fire's spreading.
Ono and I can't put it out
fast enough.
Indeed! I'm afraid
we might lose Ndefu Grove!
KION: No. I'm not losing
any more of the Pride Lands.
We just need some help.
Keep at it guys!
Don't give up yet!
Hooray!
Thank you, Lion Guard.
Thank you!
KION: Ma Tembo, please stop.
Please!
Kion. I know you want us
to stay...
It's not about that right now.
I need your help.
Ndefu Grove is on fire,
and we can't save it
on our own.
Ndefu Grove?
Shame there aren't any
elephants living there...
Zito, hush!
Zito. Ma Tembo.
I'm so sorry the other animals
didn't take you in.
But you're still
Pride Landers! Please.
Help me show everyone what
that really means.
Of course we'll help.
We will?
Yes Zito. The Pride Landers
are our family.
And you don't turn your
back on them.
Even when they make
mistakes.
Stay with the little ones.
Everyone else, with me!
We'll go to Ndefu Grove by way
of Lake Kiziwa!
Thank you, Ma Tembo.
Don't worry about me, then!
I'm staying right here.
With family
that appreciates elephants!
Am I right?
I'll take that as a yes.
It's Kion! With help!
Ready... Now!
BUNGA: Whoa! That feels great!
Do it again!
Zito! You came!
Yes, well... You don't turn
your back on family.
Unless your back
will save them
from a falling tree.
Thanks, Zito.
C'mon! Let's put out
this fire.
LAINI: Is it over?
Thanks to the elephants,
the damage isn't bad.
Once everything cools
down, you can go back.
Thank you.
And, thank you.
You and your elephants
saved our home.
Even after we pushed you away.
We know how
it feels to lose a home.
We were proud
to help save yours.
Please live with the galagos!
We'd love to have you!
Thank you. Your offer
is most generous.
Isn't it Zito?
Well, we have
to live somewhere...
Hooray!
I think this might actually
turn out okay.
Poa!
I always knew it would.
Kilio Valley...
We'll get you back home
one day, Ma Tembo. I promise.
Thank you Kion.
I look forward to
having our land back.
But as for home...
We're already here.
(CHORUS VOCALIZING)
♪ Look out here comes
The Lion Guard ♪